National Level JUNIOR Championship
<b>Note:Teams have to carry their own tool kits,laptop and other
accessories(hardware/software) needed to compete at the Finale.
DAY 1(13 TH April)-
Round 1(Quiz)-
 Each zonal level winner’s team will be participating in written quiz competition for which one
hour time will be given to all the teams.
 One set of question paper to each team(2-8 members) are allowed to participate in this round.
 Candidates have to submit the answer sheet strictly after the given time instructions on the
question paper.
 Questions will be related to the technology they are competing for and topics discussed during
the training/workshop program in the school/college.
 General knowledge and current affairs related to the technology may be asked in the question
paper of this round.
Round 2(Practical)-
 Each team will be asked to perform the practical task in front of all audience and participants in
this round.
 Practical task will be given on the spot to the teams related to the technology they are competing
for.

 Specified time will be given to each team to perform their outputs as a team together in front of
all participants.
 In this round the task will be given according to the practicals covered in the school/college
during the workshop.
 The time management, team work and accuracy of the output will be the major scoring factors
for this round.
AT THE END OF DAY 1 ASSESSMENT OF BOTH THE ROUNDS WILL BE DONE (BY
TRAINERS) AND TEAMS QUALIFYING FOR FINAL ROUND WILL BE ANNOUNCED NEXT DAY.
Day 2(14 th April)-
Final Round-
 Qualifying teams for this round will have to go through two stage of final round.
 Stage 1(Presentation of project made in round 2) by each team will be done individually.
 Time duration of 30 minutes will be given to the teams to prepare for the presentation of their
project to be presented by any team member or members.
 Stage 2(on spot practical task) and limited time period(45-60minutes)will be given to each
team individually to show accurate and desired output.
 Accuracy,time management,discipline and team work will be the major factors responsible to
score points.
SCORES AND JUDGEMENT OF STAGE 1 &amp; STAGE 2 OF FINAL ROUND BY THE TRAINERS
AND OTHER EVENT CO-ORDINATORS WILL DECIDE THE NATIONAL LEVEL JUNIOR
WINNERS.
